You sound like the anus - Isaac
The key to being a roadman is clicking your tongue a lot - Isaac
That is if you were wondering why there is half a museum - Isaac
That's not a building, that is a hill - Isaac
Uh oh, I am a sheep. I am not a sheep, I am a cow - James
Wow, snow is cold - Isaac
I have one remaining snowball so I am going to eat it. Oh no it has run away - Isaac
And then I chase after her - James
How do you say hoe in Italian?- Isaac
The Italian man did not fall - Isaac
The Italian man did fall off the tower of piza - James
I beat my roots - James
Oh no I just took my hat off - James
I eat the beetroot and it makes me sad - Isaac
I thought you said they were cows. What if they have 2 anuses? - James
They do. I checked - Isaac
I'm the only one who hasn't died, I mean like..... More coal - James
I bet I can convince my sister she is beetroot - Isaac
Don't add that to the quote book, that's innapropriate - Isaac
Why is there a hole? - Isaac
I've come to sleep with you - James
The small man has returned - Isaac
Help there are 2 small men - Isaac
I'm going to go and sleep with isaac - James
Isaac do you give me permission to come to your base and sleep with you? - James
Yes - Isaac
I'm going to steal his hat - James
Quick Quick Quick, James! - Isaac
Now where did I park my boat? - Isaac
(Poshly) God Save the Queen - Volney
Maaaax give me your feet - Toogood
We are in the Titanic, if you sink that is against the law - Isaac
To Narnia - James D
James Big D - Toogood
You know I'm the 4th James - James D
Your thing is flapping in my face - James D
The dolphin wants to join in, oh no - Toogood
One cannot simply just get off the Llama - Isaac
The dolphin got excited - Toogood
Is that a llama, no that is a dog - Isaac
Has anyone ever thought that isaac looks like a horse? - James D
Isaac give me your bones - Toogood
That's called beating him - James D
Your mum - James D
Is the eurostar finished? - Toogood
let me put my water there - Isaac
I'm going to go put my dog down - Toogood
BTW I cropped the line, he actually said "I'm going to put my dog downstairs in case she pees in my room"
Pinapples are crazy - Isaac
You're crazy! - Toogood
You use the pinapple knife like this. OW my arm - Some indian guy on youtube
But I dont wanna be a prostitute - Ben
No stripping in court - Max
Then I ran into Hitler - Toobad
Can I enter your nom nom hole? - Toogood
I'm going to eat my arm - Isaac
You know you need three people to legally start a cult - Me
Can I get in your hole too Isaac - Toogood
You know what would be a good addition to minecraft, doing a sh*t - Toogood
It has lodged itself in my face and i cannot get it out - Toogood
Let me sleep with you - Toogood
You can swim vertically to the side - Volney
I'm not the president - Isaac
Hey girl, you send me some nicpics? - Ben
Time to visit your mother, aah - Toogood
When in doubt, blame it on Max - Volney
I don't minecraft - Toogood
Angry people are good for the environment - Isaac
I don't care that you don't like it when I do this, but I'm going to do it anyway - Toogood
Uhhhhh, I just looked at my search history - Isaac
Get in the goddamn VC Max - Isaac
Kaiden why are you a vegetable? - Toogood
I am not the Vegetable who said it - Isaac
Are you sitting down or are you short? - Mr Harwood
Do it harder daddy - Kaiden
It's a lot easier when you don't resist - Isaac (PhD in Kelp)
It wasn't a lie it was bending the truth - Isaac
Fuck you - Toogood
(To Isaac) You fucking bastard - Max
I blew my brother off - Isaac
Sounds like last night - Toogood
Ahh  children - Isaac
Im like ET - isaac
Tries to milk toogood - Isaac
I need to go and dispose of my brother /sx - Toogood
I am a gay homo - Kaiden
I stan Miles Mckenna - Max
Sex is corny, algebra makes me horny - Max
I am a gay homo - Kaiden
I am a gay homo - Kaiden
Oops I spilt my milk on the stove again - Cameron